Minor grammar and typo fixes in web-config docs (#57)
prometheus/exporter-toolkit: docs/web-configuration.md

`$2y$10$X0h1gDsPszWURQaxFh.zoubFi6DXncSjhoQNJgRrnGs7EsimhC7zG`

The cost (10 in the example) influences the time it takes for computing the
hash. A higher cost will end up slowing down the authentication process.
Depending on the machine, a cost of 10 will take about ~70ms, whereas a cost of

> 18 can take up to a few seconds. That hash will be computed on every

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18 can take up to a few seconds. That hash will be computed on the first authenticated HTTP request and then cached.
```

Author: Sure, I just force-pushed with that change.

Reviewer: I do not see the commit

Author: Problem was between keyboard and chair ;) should be there now!
